Hey, Nat,
someone keeps taking down
my Roger Corman Film Festival
posters.
It was me.
I figured four was enough.
Never enough!
Come on, I'm doing
this for course credit
in Film Theory,
and promotion counts.
Not to mention the king himself,
the pope of pulp is coming
here to bless the event.
Oh. Excuse me if I don't
kiss his ring.
What's the matter?
Too lowbrow for you.
Check out some of these movies...
look at this.
Machine Gun Kelly,
Swamp Woman. The Undead.
Very impressive, Steve.
Everybody's a critic.
Hotel stationery.
Let me guess, your father.
He's coming in tomorrow.
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
- I just got the letter today.
- Typical.
What are you going
to do about it?
I don't know.
He wants me to meet him
at the airport.
Probably so he'll have someone
to talk to during his layover.
That's not it.
He's coming here to stay.
For how long?
He says he's moving here.
And you believe him?
Why shouldn't I?
Let me see...
I could give you
21 years of reasons.
Why are you always this way
when it comes to him?
Because he's done nothing
but disappoint you
since the day you were born.
That is not true.
Honey, you have always worn
rose-colored glasses
when it comes to your father.
I just don't want you
to be hurt again.
Mom, he came to my graduation.
I didn't even ask him.
Well, when you have
such low expectations,
I guess any crumb is a meal.
He's taken good care of me.
And let's face it,
you haven't exactly been
the model mother or wife.
Well, if you mean by
"taking good care of you,"
that you always had plenty
of money, fine.
Just don't come crying to me
when he breaks your heart again.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Excuse me.
Hi, is Bill Taylor's
plane in yet?
- It just landed.
- Oh, great.
You can meet him
outside if you like.
Thanks.
Daddy!
Kelly, Kelly, Kelly, Kelly!
Hello!
Hi.
Oh, you look great.
No, you look great.
How's my favorite girl, huh?
Happy her dad's back.
Ah.
Oh, uh, thanks, Dave.
See the rest of my stuff
gets back to the hotel.
I'm going with my daughter.
So, how's school?
Good.
Studying psychology, huh?
Yeah.
Well, you've got a whole family
of lunatics to draw on.
God, it is so good
to see you, honey.
I've missed you very much.
Me, too.
What did you think
of my letter?
That depends.
Did you mean it?
Which part?
The part about
staying here in L.A.
Yes, I did. I...
It's about time we got
to know each other again.
So... what do you say?
I say, welcome back, Dad.
It's good to be home, honey.
Donna...
Joe, what happened?
My ankle swelled up
on me last night.
It does this every
once in a while
since I hurt it in high school.
It's nothing.
I just need to ice it
for a few hours.
Are you sure you're okay?
Yeah, if the swelling
doesn't go down by tomorrow,
I'll go get it checked out
by the team doctor.
Don't worry.
Thanks.
Ah, greetings, "B" movie
aficionados.
Steve, you look way too happy.
Well, I got a call from
Roger Corman himself.
He's sending over one more
special film for me to see.
How'd you guys like to screen
it with me tonight?
Count me in.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
What do you say, Keats?
You know what they say,
nothing like a little mayhem
and murder on a double date.
And don't forget the cheesy sex.
Is that cheesy sex
or sex with cheese?
Oh... oh!
- Well, how about both?
- Aw!
Be right back.
- Kel.
- Hi.
Hi.
Oh, Lord.
I completely forgot
this was in my purse.
What are you doing with that?
It's evidence.
Valerie gave it to me.
Although I haven't gotten around
to confronting the guilty party.
Colin?
Yeah.
Well, do yourself a favor
and don't walk around
with it in your purse.
Unless you want to find yourself
accidentally in jail.
Good idea.
So, I heard your dad's
coming into town, huh?
Yeah, yeah, he flew in
this morning.
We're going to get
together tonight.
Is that good or bad?
I don't know.
I could be on
a disaster course,
or I could be getting
back the parent
I've been missing
all these years.
Well, let's hope for the latter.
Yeah.
You all did a great job today.
Especially for beginners.
You know, just like when
we were little kids,
we'd pick up a crayon
almost every day.
Remember that? Hmm?
Well, in this class
we're going to recapture
that natural instinct
we all have for art.
All right, that's it.
We'll see you next time.
This class is more
popular than I thought.
I got the last spot in it.
I can't believe so
many people signed up.
Must make you feel good.
Yeah, it does.
How are you feeling
these days?
Great, great.
I've been working out at the gym
every day,
painting every night.
It's been great.
New Year's resolutions?
Yeah, something like that.
Well, I'm glad you're
cleaning your act up.
I was worried about you.
I know, I know.
I appreciate it.
But believe me, I've got
everything under control.
Even Kelly?
That may take a little longer.
Still hurt?
At this point, you could
take a sledgehammer to my ankle
and I wouldn't feel it.
I think the ice
can come off now.
No, no, sit. Whatever
you need, I'll get it.
I have to use the bathroom.
That you're gonna have
to do by yourself.
Right.
Ow! Damn!
I think I better go see
that doctor tomorrow.
Yeah, good idea.
Okay, here we go.
A bona fide selection from
Roger Corman's own video vault.
It's called Unholy Rollers.
Oh, man, tell me this isn't
about a sex-starved minister.
Or about a sex-crazed guy
who invented the wheel.
Guys, Corman films are much
more complex than that.
Mm-hmm.
This one's about a
sex-crazed girl who joins
the ruthless world
of roller derby.
See?
Definitely complex.
Here we go.
Unholy Rollers starring, Claudia
Jennings.
Great actress.
Died very young.
Louis Quinn, Betty Anne Rees,
Roberta Collins, Nat Benson...
Nat Benson?
That name sounds familiar.
Yeah, I think he was
Mr. America, 1972.
Seldom right
and wrong again, Steve.
I do believe that that
was Nat's stage name.
Our Nat?
- Yeah.
- No, no.
Fast forward.
No way, he was in this film.
He could've been; he was an
actor in the early '70s.
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa, whoa, press play.
Oh, my God.
It's him!
I don't believe it.
This is great, this is great!
Not only do I have
Roger Corman coming,
but I got Nat Benson...
a bona fide cult film star.
Who didn't mention
a word of this
while you were hanging posters
all week in the Peach Pit.
Yeah. Curious, huh?
Maybe he's shy.
Nat? Shy?
Maybe he's, like, trying
to hide something.
Yeah. Like his performance.
Nice shirt.
Hey, honey,
you're a good driver.
Thank you.
I remember trying
to teach your mother
how to drive a stick shift.
Biggest mistake I ever made...
we fought the whole time.
You guys fought all the time.
No, actually, we didn't.
Only, uh, 23 hours a day.
It must have been hard on you
living with her when
she was doing drugs.
Your mother wasn't using
anything I didn't use.
In those days,
we all got drunk or high
on whatever was around,
whenever we could.
It's sex, drugs
and rock and roll!
Boy, were we stupid.
When did you stop?
When I left your mother,
I had no choice.
She wasn't around to pick up
the pieces for me anymore.
Well, the day you left, she
went on a 15-year bender.
Yeah, I know.
I'm sorry you had
to live through that.
Me, too.
I always thought that you
would come back and rescue me,
but you never did.
There was a reason
for that, Kel.
What?
I always thought that if I came
and took you away
from your mother,
that that would have
been the end of her.
You're probably right.
You know...
I wouldn't mind seeing Jackie.
You think she'd put up
with us for dinner
one of these nights, huh?
I think I could arrange that.
Oh, good!
Good girl.
So, what's Colin got lined up
for tomorrow, finger painting?
He's just trying
to unlock our innocent,
- creative instincts.
- Uh-huh.
So, how's his
not-so-innocent nose problem?
He says he's been clean
since New Year's.
Yeah, well, let's hope he's
on the level for Kelly's sake.
Kelly can take care of herself.
I'm not so sure about that.
She's made some
pretty dubious choices
in the boyfriend department.
Well, she got pretty serious
about Brandon.
I hardly call him
a dubious choice.
That's true,
but she also dumped him.
Good point.
I hear her father's in town.
What's he like?
I don't really know.
I wasn't friends with Kelly
growing up.
I shook his hand once,
at the high school graduation,
but, uh, he hasn't made
any appearances since then.
It's no wonder she goes
for the unreliable type...
it's what she's used to.
Thank you, Dr. Malone.
What do you think?
Let's just be thankful
you have other talents.
What?
Here we are.
Home sweet home.
Ah, very nice!
Hey, Kel.
Hi, Mr. Taylor.
- Hi.
- Ah, Donna,
it's so good
to see you again.
Yeah, you, too.
Can I make you some coffee?
No, no, actually, I'd love
some tea, if you have any.
Yeah, sure, no problem.
Uh, Kel, Colin's been
calling you and calling you.
Okay, thanks.
Want to sit down?
Yeah, yeah.
Uh... Colin?
That's a name
I haven't heard.
Let's keep it that way.
Come on, now, what did this
guy do to deserve that?
I don't really want
to get into it.
Oh, come on, Kel,
I'm your father.
Okay.
He broke a promise
too many times.
Ah. But you're
in love with him?
Yeah.
That's the problem.
That's always the
problem, honey.
Being in love with
someone who hurts you.
Well, actually...
he's hurting himself.
He loves his cocaine
more than he loves me.
I doubt that, but it's a very,
uh, seductive mistress,
I can attest to that.
I just don't want to deal
with it, you know?
Mm.
You know, honey,
I always think
that people deserve
a second chance.
Of course a guy like me
has to think like that,
because I'm always
asking for one.
Well, I am ready to give you
a second chance...
and a third chance
and a fourth chance,
a fifth chance...
I'm glad you're here, Dad.
Yeah, me, too.
Condor. Keats's office.
Yeah, is Susan there?
No, she's not.
Can I take a message?
- Who's this?
- Brandon Walsh.
Walsh, it's, uh, Casten.
Isn't this auspicious.
I don't know, Jonathan, is it?
So, how's Susan?
You taking good care of her?
Susan can take care of herself.
Oh, that's for sure.
Listen, do me a favor, um,
tell Susan I'm gonna be in L.A.
a week from Friday, and I
would really like to see her.
You bet, I'll be sure
to pass that along.
I'll bet you will.
I'll see you soon.
Uh-huh. Have a nice day.
Oh, man.
Hi. What'd I miss?
Nothing.
Picture this...
Roger Corman comes in,
gives a little intro
on the making of Unholy Rollers.
He talks about the actors,
where they are now.
Bang! You pop out on stage.
Direct from
our very own Peach Pit...
Sorry, no go.
Talk to him, Clare.
All right, Nat, think about it.
It's gonna be a full house
at the club tonight.
Who knows, you might even jump-
start the old acting career.
Plus, I was on the
radio this morning.
I billed you as
our special guest.
Don't make a liar out of me.
I'm flattered and I'm touched,
but I won't do it.
Be reasonable.
I am being reasonable.
I left acting behind
a long time ago,
and I have no desire
to reenter that world.
End of story.
So, um...
what are you gonna do now?
I'm gonna wear him down.
- Hey, Kel.
- Hey.
- How's your dad?
- Good. He's, uh, moving here.
What? After
all these years?
I know. He says he's
come full circle.
He's tired of
life on the road.
Well, I'd like to say
I'm happy for you,
but after what my father's
told me about him, uh,
I'd be careful if I were you.
Well, tell Mel
to get used to him,
because we are going
house-hunting today.
Hey, guys. You want anything?
No. No, thanks.
I got to go.
Well, I guess it was too much
for Kelly to join us.
Aw, come on,
she's meeting her father today...
give her a break.
Why should I give her a break?
She never gives me one.
Don't worry about
the ankle, Joe.
We did an MRl... it's fine.
Just take it easy
for a couple of days.
Like, don't walk, you mean?
No. Like, don't run
the stadium steps.
Now swing around.
Long as you're here, let me
check everything else out.
So, how's life, Joe?
You got a girlfriend?
Yeah, couple
of months, actually.
Oh, great, great.
Now, take a deep breath.
Breathe again.
Listen, Joe,
you had a cold lately?
No.
Well, it's probably nothing.
I just want you
to do me a favor.
I want you to see
a cardiologist.
Dr. Levin's a
topnotch heart man
right here on campus.
Unless you have someone
else you prefer.
My girlfriend's father's
a cardiologist.
Uh, Dr. John Martin?
He's terrific.
Just get it checked out.
Is there something
I should be worried about?
No. Just humor me
and take care of it.
All right, Doc.
But if there's
anything wrong with me,
you lose your season tickets.
Oh, it's very nice.
Well, it's got it all.
Original peg-and-
groove floors,
that Malibu tile
in the fireplace,
and a gourmet kitchen
with a six-burner restaurant
stove and a griddle? Ha!
Oh, for all those mornings
I'll make you hotcakes.
You don't even know
how to make toast.
I'll learn, I'll learn.
So, um...
what do you think?
Well, I am sold,
but he is the one
you have to convince.
Say the word,
I'll have that lease
drawn up by tomorrow.
Well, Candace, since, uh,
you put it that way...
sign me up.
All right!
Hey, Val, can I ask you
for some advice?
I'd be honored.
Actually, I was hoping to tap
into your more devious side.
Well, in that case, I'm not
honored, but ask anyway.
Okay. I was in Susan's office,
I answered the phone,
and it was that Jonathan guy.
You should've hung up on him.
You're right, I should have.
But I didn't...
I took a message.
But then I didn't
give it to Susan.
And I'm gathering
it was a message
- you didn't want her to get.
- You could say that.
All right, well,
this is a no-brainer.
You go in tomorrow morning,
you write the message down
on those little "while
you were out" pads,
and throw it on the
mess on her desk,
and eventually
she'll find it.
That'll work.
Glad I could help.
Well, Kelly, I've
enjoyed dinner, but, uh,
how about this Colin?
I'll give him the once-over,
and maybe
you'll do the right thing and
give him a second chance, huh?
We are in his neighborhood.
Oh, we are.
Well, what are we waiting for?
Hi.
Kelly!
I want you to meet my father.
Colin Robbins.
Welcome.
Oh, thanks.
Are-are we catching you
at a bad time?
No, no. Actually,
I can use the break.
Ah. Uh, great loft.
Thanks, thanks.
You know, it's really
a pleasure to meet you.
I've heard so much
about you.
Same here.
I'd, I'd really like
to take a look at your work.
Feel free.
Thanks. Excuse me.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you for bringing
your father.
I've missed you so much.
Thank you for being high.
Come on, Kelly.
I can see it in
your eyes, Colin.
The holidays are over,
and so are we.
Dad, let's go.
What's the big rush, honey?
Colin's got to get back
to his work.
Oh,
I like your style, Colin.
I try.
Trying doesn't cut it.
Ready?
Mm-hmm.
Nice to meet you.
You, too.
Damn it!
No, it's been busy as usual.
Where are you?
I'm in Atlanta. Yeah.
I'm here
for the World Nudist Convention.
I bet you are.
Actually, I'm meeting Elton John
for lunch.
You are not!
Yeah, really. I am.
He has an apartment here.
He's gonna give me a tour.
And how'd you do that?
Ah, it must be
my inimitable charm.
So did you get my message?
No, what message?
Oh, that figures.
What figures?
Ask Walsh.
I called yesterday.
He didn't tell you?
Uh, no, he didn't.
All right. Well, I'm gonna be in
a week from Friday,
so tell Walsh you're busy
next weekend, okay?
I am busy... with him.
Yeah, we'll see about that.
Love you. Bye.
Walsh, get in here!
What?
Why didn't you tell me
Jonathan called yesterday?
I did tell you.
No, you didn't.
Sure, I did. I left a note
right on your desk.
Although, how you can find
anything in that mess...
Where?
Uh, how about
right under your nose?
Sorry.
So are you going to see him
while he's here?
I don't know. I'll leave
a message on your desk.
Brandon, wait.
I'm...
I'm sorry. It's just you
and Jonathan.
I thought maybe you,
you forgot it on purpose.
It's all right.
No apology necessary.
Hey.
So, what'd the doctor say?
Well, you were right.
I just need
to stay off it.
I told you.
Listen, what kind of doctor
is your dad again?
Cardiologist. Why?
It's Coach Lynch.
He's having some chest pain.
He needs
to see a specialist.
I was wondering
if your father would see him.
Yeah, sure.
Just have the coach
call the office,
and my dad will fit
him in whenever.
Great.
Cool.
Hey, Nat, can I get a pot of
coffee for my slaves next door?
They're working
really hard
to get this festival
off the ground.
Ask Willie.
You know, I know you said you
wouldn't come tonight,
but I really think
you should reconsider.
No.
Why not?
Is it Corman?
Did he stiff you?
That hasn't got anything
to do with it.
Roger Corman's a great guy.
Then what was it?
We saw the film.
You were very funny.
Thank you.
Hmm,
this doesn't make any sense.
What happened?
It's personal, and I don't want
to talk about it, okay?
Was it a woman?
It was a woman!
Okay, which one
of the actresses was it?
One of those roller derbettes,
huh, huh?
She wasn't in the picture.
Well, who is she?
And what happened to her?
Told you,
I don't want to talk about it.
Okay, forget I asked.
Listen, you go have a good time,
tonight.
Send my best to Roger Corman,
okay?
Uh, good evening,
ladies and gentlemen
and welcome to the Roger Corman
Film Festival,
brought to you by your very own
Steve Sanders!
Well, as promised, the maestro
is here himself
to introduce
our first selection.
Ladies and gentlemen, please,
a warm welcome
for the legendary Roger Corman.
Thanks, Steve.
I'm more than flattered
that my work has been chosen
for this event.
The movie tonight
is a personal favorite of mine.
I hope you enjoy it.
Thanks, Roger.
Now let's watch the magic
of these women on wheels
in Roger Corman's
Unholy Rollers.
Oh, yeah!
All right, all right.
Damn Stern,
cheapest guy in the world.
Got me doing 15 jobs
around here on a guard's pay.
Too cheap to give me a helper.
Welcome, roller derby fans
to Stern Stadium.
There's Nat.
Which one?
The one on the left.
Oh, he's so cute.
I get a trophy every time
I put someone in the hospital?
We had this one made special.
Pardon me.
Wasn't Nat Benson supposed
to be here tonight?
I heard something
on the radio.
Yes, he was. Unfortunately,
it didn't work out.
Oh, I was hoping
I'd see him.
Do you know Nat Benson?
I did a long time ago.
You don't say?
How long has it been
since you've seen him?
Has to be about 25 years.
In fact, the last time
I saw him
was when he was making
this picture.
Really? And how do
you know him?
Well, to tell you the truth,
we were engaged.
Engaged to be married engaged?
- To Nat?
- You know Nat?
Do I know Nat?
What's your name?
Joan. Joan Diamond.
It's nice to meet you, Joan.
Come with me.
Let's take a little walk.
Nat,
there's someone
here to see you.
Nat?
Joanie?
What are you doing here?
Looking for you.
Oh, my!
Oh, God,
I can't believe it.
You haven't changed at all.
Oh, yeah, I have, a lot.
It's been such a long time.
I've been married and divorced.
I've got three kids.
And I'm a grandmother now, Nat.
That can't be possible.
A lot can happen in 25 years.
Well, it looks like
you took over
for your dad
after all, huh?
Yeah, I...
Steve, aren't you busy
next door?
Yeah.
Yeah, I, uh, I didn't have much
choice.
When he got sick, I had to just
step up to the plate.
Well, sometimes life makes
our choices for us.
Still, you were a good actor.
Very good.
Yeah, I came close
a couple of times.
I had two great parts.
A lucky break, I wouldn't be
slinging hash for a career.
Well, running a successful
business seems
like a pretty good career move
to me.
You think so?
Yeah, I do.
It's kind of nice
to hear you say that.
I never thought
I'd see you again.
Here you are.
You know,
I've never forgotten you.
I can't say that there wasn't
a part of me that always hoped
that I'd look over that counter
and see you walk
through that door.
Well, here I am.
Here we are.
So, let's sit down.
Fill me in.
And tell me everything,
would you?
That could take all night.
You got other plans?
I was going to watch
that movie next door.
Oh, hell, I know the ending.
Come on. I want
to show you around and talk.
Well, thank you very much.
I'm really glad
you could join us.
Shall I order
a bottle of wine?
No, not for me, thanks,
but you go ahead.
How long's it been
now, Jackie?
I've been sober
for five years now.
Well, I guess
we all have to pull ourselves
out of the fast lane eventually.
Is that why you're moving back
to L.A.?
Well, I, after 35 years, I think
it's time to settle down.
Better late than never.
So where's this new house?
Beverly Glen.
Our old neighborhood.
Really?
That's where you spent
the first years of your life.
I know.
Not that I remember any of it.
We had this precious
little house in the canyon.
Which got hit by mudslides
every year without fail.
I don't remember any of that.
I'm amazed we do.
It's just as well
you don't remember, honey.
The high times on the Glen were
a little too high,
as I recall.
So how old is
the baby now?
She's not a baby anymore.
She's four years old.
And you and Mel?
Just fine
living together.
Very happily unmarried.
I'm glad you were able to turn
your life around, Jackie.
It's great seeing
you doing so well.
You know, I have to admit, Bill,
that when Kelly told me
you were coming back to town,
I warned her about you.
Well, I guess I deserve that.
To my parents.
To our daughter.
Who hopefully will not make
the same mistakes we did.
Amen.
What are you doing here?
For all the money I spent
on your education,
I find you in these lousy
locker rooms!
Val, can I talk
to you for a minute?
I'm a little busy.
This'll just take a minute.
Upstairs?
I'll be right back.
Yeah.
Okay, I'm sorry. But you think
that the next time
you come barging in here
you could knock first?
Okay, what's so important
that it couldn't wait,
at least till after
the screening?
I want my coke back.
Excuse me?
The blow you took from me on New
Year's. I want it back.
I'm in the middle of
a painting right now.
I really need it
to finish.
Well, drink some coffee
like the rest of us, Colin.
What's wrong with you?
Nothing's wrong with me.
Nothing a few lines
won't take care of.
Well, I don't
have it anymore.
What?
I said, I don't have it anymore.
Please tell me
you threw it away.
No, I didn't throw it away.
I gave it to Kelly.
What do you mean
you gave it to Kelly?
I gave it to Kelly.
She didn't tell you?
No, she didn't tell me!
What are you thinking, Valerie?
I can't believe
you did this.
What can't you believe, Colin?
That I gave your drugs to Kelly,
or you don't have
any more drugs to do?
You should have
heard them, Donna.
I don't think I've ever seen
my parents get along that well.
I couldn't even get a word
in edgewise after a while.
Well, your dad is charming.
I think it's more than that.
This sounds weird to say
about your own dad, but...
I think he finally
grew up.
If that's Colin, tell him
I'm not here, okay?
Okay.
Hello?
Hi, hang on. It's Joe.
Oh, okay.
If my dad calls for me,
tell him I'm on my way
to the Beverly Glen house.
Okay. Hey, you, I thought we had
a study date this morning.
Yeah, I can't make it.
I'll see you on campus later?
Yeah, sure.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, just bad planning
on my part.
I forgot I had an appointment.
Look, I got to run.
Okay.
I'll see you later.
Great. Bye.
Excuse me, Joe.
Dr. Martin's going
to be a little longer.
So I'll get you started
with a chest X-ray, and then
we'll run an echocardiogram,
all right?
Whatever you say.
All right, follow me.
What?
Well, that's a friendly
greeting.
What do you want, Valerie?
Well, I thought I'd alert you
to the fact
that you're supposed to
be teaching a class right now.
I'm taking a personal day.
Oh, is that what you call it?
Sounds to me like
you copped another gram.
I was up all night painting,
all right?
Well, I hope it was worth it.
You know what, it was.
It's fantastic.
Good for you.
Is this a blond thing?
I mean, we did say
11:00, didn't we?
Yeah, yeah, he should
be here any minute.
Well, it's creeping
up on noon,
and I have another
appointment.
My father's usually
very prompt.
Could we just give him
a few more minutes?
I really can't.
Look, if you still
want the house...
Oh, we do.
We definitely do.
- There's no question about that.
- Good.
Then just call me, and we'll
do this again tomorrow.
Great.
Just promise me you won't
give it to anybody else.
I promise I won't.
I'll call you first.
Thanks, Candace.
Bye.
Donna, I don't usually
do this kind of thing,
but, um, this morning,
when I called you,
I wasn't exactly
telling the truth.
What do you mean?
Well, it wasn't just
any appointment.
I was at your
father's office.
With the coach?
No.
By myself.
There's something wrong
with my heart.
What?
Why wouldn't you tell me?
Because I didn't
want you to worry.
Well, what's wrong?
What did my dad say?
Well, the team doctor
heard something weird,
and now your father thinks
that I've got
some kind of
a congenital heart thing.
A defect.
Oh, my God.
I just got back from
a meeting with the coach
and the athletic director,
and they want me to get
a second opinion.
Yeah, you should.
I know my dad always
recommends that.
Well, I hate to say this, Donna.
But I'm hoping the next guy
will say your father was wrong.
Yeah, me, too.
I got to get going.
They made an appointment for me
at the health center
this afternoon.
Do you want me
to go with you?
Yeah, that'd be great.
Hi, I'd like to speak
to Bill Taylor.
He's in room 1019.
Excuse me?
He checked out?
When?
I see.
No. No message.
Here you go.
- Ah...
- Thanks.
So, Nat, how does it feel
seeing a woman you love
after 25 years?
Sweet.
Really sweet.
That's it? That's all
you're going to give us?
All right.
I'll give you one more thing.
A great big kiss!
I guess the film
festival was a success.
It kind of changed my life.
Oh, that's great.
No, you two are great.
So I was thinking,
next weekend
maybe we should drive
up to San Luis Obispo.
I love it up there
this time of year.
Next weekend?
Yeah.
Unless you're busy.
No, you mean, unless I have
plans with Jonathan.
Do you have plans
with Jonathan?
No.
Good.
So where is San Luis
Obispo, anyway?
I have no idea.
Me neither.
Well, Joe.
I think we've got
what we need here.
Am I gonna be okay?
Yeah.
I'm glad to say you are.
You're just fine.
What about what Dr. Martin said?
With all due respect,
I have a differing opinion.
It's not uncommon
in our specialty.
He said he didn't think
I should play football.
That it might be dangerous.
I don't think you have
to worry about that.
You're a healthy young man.
Sometimes even
with the best
that medical science
has to offer,
there are anomalies.
And I think that
Dr. Martin's assessment of
your condition is one of them.
So I can play ball?
And do things I've always done?
Till further notice.
Thanks, Doctor.
Man, am I glad
I came to see you.
Well?
I don't know
how to say this.
What?
Well, your father was...
My father was what?
Your father was wrong.
I'm fine.
What's the matter?
I thought you'd
be happy for me.
No, I am.
I'm just a little
surprised.
I mean, my dad's
a good doctor.
I know, but that's what second
opinions are for, aren't they?
Yeah.
Yeah, I guess so.
So be happy for me.
I am. I...
I am.
Excuse me.
Is Bill Taylor's plane
still here?
It took off
ten minutes ago.
Is there something that
I can do for you, Miss?
Dear Kelly...
I'm so sorry.
A great textile deal came along
that I couldn't pass up.
I'm flying off to Milan.
Buy yourself a present and I'll
call you in a couple of weeks.
Love, Dad.
Thanks, Dad.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org